and it asks him this is this coach
how are you today for a
new live either one is to do and
today we are in league mode
here is the return of the league mode on
see remake it's nice it's
true we were waiting on ghost after
a beautiful league mode on black ops 2
and he's doing this back so I do not know
if that's exactly the word league in all
case it's an equivalent it's a mode
classified according to the rules of
the ispor but good the eag of ispor
not having been not given
for the moment
so here I think for now
we can take anything we want
I imagine that after
restrictions
I do not know how it's going
pass but that's so it's a match
classified so here we are in hard boiled
so strategic point on biolab lamah
and so it's four against four
since his stockings like modeling here
exactly the same so I'll try
to hurry up to go three more years
late they already have it ie
for them they are they have rescued a
side a loved r2 so as we are in
multiplayer so if we win xp
for multiplayer and at the same time
I imagine we also win
the experience for for the
league mode the bastards at and my goal
is a good so I took the ball 27
because anyway in front is at
just about anything
and inevitably I do not want to be either
in imbalance I imagine that after if
never she went to patch or or
banned from the sport mode maybe that's
will be different after so well I'm going
try to make kills anyway
because here I have a little shame
yeah guys yeah up there to leave
me quiet
why am I doing it all the time you are
married I do 04 shame is not that
he has not good by that I'm going
try to catch up a little bit
trick because it's not terrible
that's happening to you reached there is a
custom on the ground we'll take it to see
what it gives
there is one that has touched my throat
believe that street that exploded into
made
and I'm catching up a little shit he
with me bah listen I'll play at the
double ball 27 so suddenly
and they sting notebook here wait i
will wait a little bit what homes
little stragglers I do not know
to make me have by a guy who is not
m erde necessarily well here was that
arrives behind
well, let's continue I like the
win for the first game in math
in ranked matches that would be nice then
compared to that is what put 1 2 3 4
here
is the idea of ​​a series in fashion
classified in league mode interests you
so obviously there I am all
alone but it would be interesting to do
the other episodes with people
so invite people every time
the recoil and the hiding place he had
did not know that one and then I
did not see much of it
changed the bridge the strategic point
wait i'll take his little hack to
and shit I was fine with the ball 27
finally a good bah I got
caught up it's true that at first I had
does a 0 4
I almost do a sexy is 007
so I call that a sexy it's like
you want after there is a story
behind that we had told him once
if ever I invite him to league
we'll talk again I think there is way
we are 5 007 the person who comes
by that there are two people on the
flag wait i'll get back even
story to make point that it's
arrived but beyond I could not not
the con bordel go we go back so
there I took I took a
submachine gun because I do not want
but I did not want to want
to play a little in quotation marks
the simplicity the in quotation marks I say
well simplicity especially having fun
it's true that I have today
I have a little bit I let go a little
sniper to take to an other weapons
that snipers and I can tell you that
I enjoyed myself it's really
they do on that game to play
with any type of
machine guns what was it that he has
tried to carrots me
I did not really appreciate your technique
ruser 1
we take the little ball 27 custom
to the shots my poto y aie aie
have aggression
do not wait that gd yeah actually
it's a drone to what I like here it's
a drone that we can not get off this
kind of orbital station what then I
do not know if it's exactly the same
effect but we know right now it's
nothing we'll put that okay
here
and then it's time to fart
big con huh gang of jesters the haye
break up I may have wanted to be too
ugly
alright here is to listen down finally
we did not see what it was
looked like the orbital station is
beautiful little automatic turret
who would have smashed her mouth enough
bastards so that's it
first match match
in league mode we can say that it was
a success so it's nice
a small 19.8 so here's tell me if it
you are interested in doing a
series in league mode
so I call symbolic if ever
it's not really the excuse modeling
me these games is the analogy compared
to that for me I think it looks like
that's +15 points
I'm coming to the silver division and so
bah did not hesitate to say if that you
interests a small series in the mode
ligugé would invite people well
obviously then with the sniper or not
it depends a little bit on the circumstance but
in any case that was my first
part in class mode and I hope it
you liked it and then do not hesitate to
give your opinion about this is
beautiful everything you want to say
a little pouch also that makes
pleasure is the reward is for my
part I wanted to wish an excellent
day kalimdor cameron next to
dubai